DOCSP-31074 v1.9.0 and v1.9.1 release notes (#179)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/atlas-cli-changelog.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

.. _atlas-cli-1.9.1:

> {+atlas-cli+} 1.9.1

Reviewer: can we add an extra note that this will be the last release available in the 4.2 linux (debian, ubuntu and rhel) repositories?

-------------------

Released 5 July 2023

> - Adds the ability to set up Microsoft Teams alert notifications.

Reviewer: can you please link to `atlas alerts settings create`?

- Fixes the following issues:

  - An error when trying to create project API keys.
  - Users were unable to remove cluster tags.

.. _atlas-cli-1.9.0:

{+atlas-cli+} 1.9.0
-------------------

Released 29 June 2023

> - Adds the ability to autocomplete the process name in the performance advisor.

Reviewer: can you link to ` atlas performanceAdvisor`?

- Adds the following new commands to manage data federation:

  - :ref:`atlas-dataFederation`
  - :ref:`atlas-dataFederation-privateEndpoints`
  - :ref:`atlas-dataFederation-queryLimits`

- Adds the ``--tag`` flag to the :ref:`atlas-setup` and
  :ref:`atlas-quickstart` commands.
- Fixes the following issues:

>   - Performance advisor operations where you must provide a namespace

Reviewer: Can you re word this to say namespace is now optional

Released 5 July 2023

.. important::
   

>    {+atlas-cli+} won't be available on 4.2 linux (Debian, Ubuntu and rhel) repositories after this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is the last {+atlas-cli+} release to be available on the mongodb server 4.2 Linux repositories for Debian, Ubuntu and RHEL.
```
Sorry I wasn't a bit clearer, we publish new updates of the CLI to the server repos, given 4.2 is EOL will be stopping that but older version will still be avialble up to 1.9.1, also I imagine theres a reference like {+atlas-cli+} for the server but I don't know it
